{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz140000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh17840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 About the job\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Locations
\f2\b0 : M\'fcnchen | Berlin | Frankfurt\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Who We Are\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we help clients with total transformation-inspiring complex change, enabling organizations to grow, building competitive advantage, and driving bottom-line impact.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 To succeed, organizations must blend digital and human capabilities. Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives to spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting along with technology and design, corporate and digital ventures\'97and business purpose. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, generating results that allow our clients to thrive.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1\b \cb3 We Are BCG X\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f2\b0 \cb3 We\'92re a diverse team of more than 3,000 tech experts united by a drive to make a difference. Working across industries and disciplines, we combine our experience and expertise to tackle the biggest challenges faced by society today. We go beyond what was once thought possible, creating new and 
\b innovative solutions
\b0  to the world\'92s most complex problems. Leveraging BCG\'92s global network and partnerships with leading organizations, BCG X provides a stable ecosystem for talent to build game-changing businesses, products, and services from the ground up, all while growing their career. Together, we strive to create solutions that will positively impact the lives of millions.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 What You'll Do\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Our BCG X teams own the full analytics value-chain end to end: framing new business challenges, designing innovative algorithms, implementing, and deploying scalable solutions, and enabling colleagues and clients to fully embrace AI. Our product offerings span from fully custom-builds to industry specific leading edge AI software solutions.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 You'll be part of our rapidly growing team who will have a chance to 
\b apply data science methods and \cf4 analytics
\b0 \cf2  to 
\b real-world business situations
\b0  across a variety of industries to drive significant business impact. You'll have the chance to partner with clients in a variety of BCG regions and industries, and on key topics like climate change, enabling them to 
\b design, build, and deploy new and innovative solutions
\b0 .\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Additional responsibilities will include 
\b developing and delivering
\b0  thought leadership in scientific communities and papers as well as leading conferences on behalf of BCG X. Successful candidates are intellectually 
\b curious
\b0  builders who are biased toward 
\b action
\b0 , 
\b creative
\b0 , and 
\b \cf4 communicative
\b0 \cf2 .\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 We Are Looking For Dedicated Individuals With a 
\b Passion For Data Science
\b0 , 
\b \cf4 Statistics
\b0 \cf2 , 
\b Operations Research
\b0  And 
\b Redefining Organizations Into AI Led Innovative Companies
\b0 . Successful Candidates Possess The Following\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Comfortable in a 
\b \cf4 client-facing role
\b0 \cf2  with the 
\b ambition to lead teams
\b0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Likes to 
\b distill complex results or processes into simple, clear \cf4 visualizations
\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  
\b \cf4 Explain sophisticated data science concepts\cf2  
\b0 in an understandable manner\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Love 
\b building things
\b0  and are 
\b comfortable working with modern development tools
\b0  and 
\b writing code \cf4 collaboratively
\b0 \cf2  (bonus points if you have a 
\b \cf4 software development\cf2  or \cf4 DevOps\cf2  experience
\b0 )\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Significant 
\b experience applying \cf4 advanced analytics\cf2  to \cf4 business\cf2  situations
\b0  and a 
\b proven ability to synthesize complex data
\b0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  
\b Deep understanding of modern \cf4 machine learning\cf2  techniques
\b0  and 
\b their mathematical underpinnings
\b0 , and can 
\b translate this into business implications for
\b0  our 
\b clients
\b0 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  Have 
\b strong project management skills
\b0  & 
\b ability to work \cf4 collaboratively\cf2  in \cf4 diverse teams
\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2  
\b Excellent oral and written \cf4 communication\cf2  skills
\b0  in both German and English (C1/C2)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 #BCGXjob\cb1 \
\
\cb3 What You'll Bring\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Requirements\cb1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Currently 
\b enrolled in a university \cf4 master\'92s
\b0 \cf2  or PhD 
\b \cf4 degree\cf2  
\b0 program in Computer Research Science, 
\b \cf4 Data Science
\b0 \cf2 , Statistics, Operations Research, or related field - please provide all academic certificates (A-level, Bachelor, Master)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 Technologies\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb3 Programming Languages: 
\b \cf4 Python
\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\cb3 #BCGXjob\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Additional info\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Join the Group\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Are you ready to take the next step in your career? Apply now and become part of a community of forward-thinkers. Here, challenges and collaboration go hand in hand, your ideas are valued, and your potential knows no bounds. Let\'92s work together to develop innovative solutions and create a lasting impact on businesses and society.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 BCG is an E - Verify Employer. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.bcg.com/global/en/e-verify"}}{\fldrslt \ul Click here }} for more information on E-Verify.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
}